# 1
Portfolio
1. When it comes to interpreting user needs and implementing them into a program, I feel that having meetings with either the client or user can help accomplish this goal. For example, we discussed having initial meetings with clients before embarking on a project to understand their vision for a project. To put that vision into reality, we can also get feedback from users through focus groups and ask more questions from a varying group of people to understand what users want from a product. By talking to the client and users, we can better understand their needs to create more accurate tasks and user stories. User stories allow us to organize the needs/thoughts of the users to create an actual feature/product. User stories require us to determine their priority in a sprint but also to describe what the user wants, as well as, how we can implement it.
2. After spending the majority of this class discussing Agile, I would say that I feel most comfortable using it to actually create a program. I feel that the scrum process/approach has shaped my view of what is an effective process for tackling a project. I feel that having daily/consistent meetings with team member and allowing for open communication seems crucial and beneficial for all projects.
3. What I learned in this course is that being a good team member in software development, is being open about your progress and asking questions. Communicating your progress, your challenges and concerns is what allows the team to be on the same page and to meet the challenge of completing the sprint. I feel that this course and the Scrum-Agile approach has taught me that in order to succeed, we must all work our best as team to be there for each other and for ourselves.  
